Steps to create the bot:
a. Create, train, and publish your QnA Maker knowledge base.
b. Create Bot using Microsoft Azure Bot service.
c. Connect your Bot to your website.

Step 1: Create, train, and publish your QnA Maker knowledge base
Sign in to the QnAMaker.ai portal with your Azure credentials.
Select Create a knowledge base.
If you already have a knowledge base skip the above step.
On the Create page, skip Step 1 if you already have your QnA Maker resource. If you haven’t created the resource yet, select Create a QnA service. You are directed to the Azure portal to set up a QnA Maker service in your subscription.
When you are done creating the resource in the Azure portal, return to the QnA Maker portal, refresh the browser page, and continue to Step 2.
In Step 3, select your Active directory, subscription, service (resource), and the language for all knowledge bases created in the service.
Click on create your KB
After the knowledge base is created, the Knowledge base page opens. You can edit the contents of the knowledge base on this page.
On the Edit page, select + Add QnA pair from the context toolbar.
In the upper right, select Save and train to save your edits and train QnA Maker.
Then click on Publish. It may take a few minutes.
Then you will see the success window.

Step 2: Create a Bot using Microsoft Azure Bot service
In the QnA Maker portal, on the Publish page, select Create bot. This button appears only after you’ve published the knowledge base.
Configure the Azure bot service. The app name for the bot must be different from the app name for the QnA Maker service.
After the bot is created, open the Bot service resource.
Under Bot Management, select Test in Web Chat. At the chat prompt of Type your message and select Enter.
Your Bot has been successfully created.

Step 3: Connect your Bot to your website:
In your created bot go to Channels and click on Get bot embed code then click open the webchat configuration page. Then a Default site window will appear.
The screenshot is posted for your reference with the name "Embedded code.png".
Copy the Embed code to your web page.
Replace <YOUR_SECRET_HERE> with Secret Keys.
The basic website is designed using html and can be found with the name "bot.html".
Now save and run your web page.
Now your bot is ready for your website.

You can add your bot to websites, apps, email, GroupMe, Facebook Messenger, Kik, Skype, Slack, Microsoft Teams, Telegram, SMS, Twilio, Cortana, and Skype for Business.
